
Javascipt Features :- High-level,Garbage Collected,Interpreted Just-in-time compiled,Multi-paradigm
prototype based object oriented,first class functions,dynamic,single-threaded,Non-blocking event loop.

Muti-paradigm:-  Paradigm means way to coding. Mutli paradigm in language means having multiple way of writing compiled
eg. object-oriented,function programing(function as first class) and procedural programing.

First class functions:- functions are treated as variables.We can pass them in other functions and return them form functions.

Javascipt compilation:- Mordern Javascipt is just-in-time complied means full code is first complied and then executed but no seperate exe file is produced.

Compilation Process:- First code is parse into a ast.Then ast is compiled in machine code.Then it is executed.

execution context:- Environment in which a piece of Javascipt is executed.Stores all necessary information for some code to be executed.

Global execution context is created first and then other execution context are created.

Hoisting:- Var are hoisted but value will be undefined. function declaration are hoisted.
            function expression declared with var are hoisted.
            let and const are not hoisted,function expression with let and const are not hoisted.
            let const are in TDZ before declaration so they will give cannot use before initilization error.

this:- method :- this will point to object that is calling method.
       Simple function call :- this will point to the window object in the browser if not in strict mode
                               In strict mode, this will be undefined.
       In arrow function:- this will point to the parent object of the function where it is defined 
                            i.e. window object (lexical this)
        Event listeners:- dom element that event is attached to.
**Important on creating var variables it will create property in window object so it is accessed by this

arguments:- arguments keyword is only for normal functions not for arrow functions.